This product is freeware. If you find it useful or have comments, the
author may be contacted at:
	smims@hotmail.com.

Installation: The only requirement for installation is that the file
'storm.dll' that ships with starcraft must either be in the same directory
as the application, be located in the Windows or Windows\System directory,
or located somewhere on your search path (specified by a 'PATH=' in your
autoexec.bat). This file is not provided but may be found in your Starcraft
installation directory. Versions of the DLL prior to Starcraft version 1.0
will not work with this program.

For best results, put the program in your Starcraft directory.

** Warning** Be sure that the CORRECT version of the storm.dll is being
used. If other versions are in the path, they may be used instead and the
files will NOT be extracted correctly.


To use the MPQ viewer:

You may open an archive using the "Open archive" button. Highlight any
files you wish to extract and press "Save" to save them to hard disk. Some
of the files may be viewed by double clicking on them. The data file
provided works for the Starcraft archives named "stardat.mpq" and
"install.exe" (located in the Starcraft directory and on the Starcraft CD,
respectively).

You can change the data file that is being used by the viewer using the
menu option "Open data file". This allows for the data file to be changed
without restarting the application. The default data file is "sc_data.txt".

Saving will save all selected files. If only one file is selected, you may
choose the name you wish to save the file under. If multiple files are
selected, you may either save using the directory structure from the
archive, or save them all to one directory. If you choose a single
directory, the file names are created by changing all "\" characters to
"_" characters to avoid name collisions.

Save list will save the list of files displayed to a selected text file.

Use the filter to display only those files with a certain extension. For
example, to extract all wave files, select the '*.wav' filter, select all
listed files and then save them to the desired directory.

The load data file and save list features were added to facilitate easier
testing of files available in the archive. The data file can be modified and reloaded to reflect any changes made. Saving the list will save a data
file that contains only valid files in the archive.
